Ah, do you need me to help you solve it myself?
solution
What solution? Didn't Dongfang Run drug you?
Ouch.
I'm so dizzy
It seems that this medicine is really strong enough
This is the medicine given by my cousin
The magic pill?
come
Then you rest first
I'm going back first.
Why don't you pick it up for me yourself?
I don't want to admit the position
You Mingxuan, I was wrong.
I want to correct my concept of love
Correct what?
22 years ago, I met a little brother
I promise to become a strong woman and protect him in the future
So all these years
I've been trying to keep that promise
Even find a partner according to his appearance back then
I think that's the ideal love
Now? Now?